![Remente](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/logo-remente-white.svg)

  * [Features](https://www.remente.com/#features)
  * [Blog](https://blog.remente.com/)
  * [Business](https://business.remente.com/)

# Improve Your Life Small actions everyday create life changing behaviors

[Get started](https://www.remente.com/#get-started)

[Existing user sign in](https://app.remente.com/)

![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/unnamed.png)

### Seen in

![The Guardian](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/featured-theguardian.svg)

![Lifehacker](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/featured-lifehacker.svg)

![TNW](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/featured-tnw.svg)

![Digital Trends](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/featured-digitaltrends.jpg)

![New York Post](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/featured-newyorkpost.png)

![ADWEEK](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/featured-adweek.svg)

![The Telegraph](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/featured-thetelegraph.jpg)

![EveningStandard](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/featured-eveningstandard.png)

![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/star-green-filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app
for personal and organizational development_files/star-green-
filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/star-green-filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best
goal setting app for personal and organizational development_files/star-green-
filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/star-green-filled.svg)

> The most helpful app I’ve ever come across. Even more helpful than books,
courses, and counselling on self-improvement, motivation, etc. I’m so grateful
to have found this wonderful resource. I highly it recommend to anyone.

Alison, USA

![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/star-green-filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app
for personal and organizational development_files/star-green-
filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/star-green-filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best
goal setting app for personal and organizational development_files/star-green-
filled.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational development_files/star-green-filled.svg)

> With Remente, I’m recovering from four years of sick leave, towards a more
balanced life. This app is for everyone that wants more balance in life, gain
self-awareness, or feel more joy. Thank you. This means everything.

Jessica, Sweden

Thousands of positive reviews from users globally.

### Get Started

Remente helps you understand where in life you should focus. We help you set
goals and teach you ways to feel good, be productive and keep motivated.

[![Download on the App Store](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal
and organizational
development_files/appstore.svg)](https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id961633456?pt=1659064&ct=remente.com%20-%20Store%20Badge&mt=8)[![Get it
on Google Play](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and
organizational
development_files/googleplay.svg)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remente.app&referrer=utm_source%3Dremente.com%26utm_medium%3DStore%2520Badge)

[Remente for Web](https://app.remente.com/)[Download for Mac
(beta)](https://d3tpy77yecs5fp.cloudfront.net/Remente-0.7.9.dmg)[Download for
Windows
(beta)](https://d3tpy77yecs5fp.cloudfront.net/Remente%20Setup%200.3.1.exe)

![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/phone-frame.svg)![](./Remente - Best goal setting app for
personal and organizational development_files/unnamed\(1\).png)

stop animationstop

#### Follow expert goal plans

Create step-by-step goal plans and incorporate them into your daily schedule
to create life changing habits and behavior. You can follow expertly crafted
plans to steadily move forward and safely avoid the most common obstacles.

#### Learn what makes you happy

Keep track of your mood to figure out which behaviors make you feel good. Tag
your mood with feelings to quickly develop a deeper understanding of yourself
and your emotions. Learn what to do, and to avoid, to be happy.

#### Find out about life

Find the resources you need in order to grow, with our curated collection of
courses. They cover everything from mental wellbeing to productivity,
relationships and motivation. Our goal is to cover everything you need to
thrive.

#### Follow expert goal plans

Create step-by-step goal plans and incorporate them into your daily schedule
to create life changing habits and behavior. You can follow expertly crafted
plans to steadily move forward and safely avoid the most common obstacles.

#### Learn what makes you happy

Keep track of your mood to figure out which behaviors make you feel good. Tag
your mood with feelings to quickly develop a deeper understanding of yourself
and your emotions. Learn what to do, and to avoid, to be happy.

#### Find out about life

Find the resources you need in order to grow, with our curated collection of
courses. They cover everything from mental wellbeing to productivity,
relationships and motivation. Our goal is to cover everything you need to
thrive.

#### Follow expert goal plans

Create step-by-step goal plans and incorporate them into your daily schedule
to create life changing habits and behavior. You can follow expertly crafted
plans to steadily move forward and safely avoid the most common obstacles.

#### Learn what makes you happy

Keep track of your mood to figure out which behaviors make you feel good. Tag
your mood with feelings to quickly develop a deeper understanding of yourself
and your emotions. Learn what to do, and to avoid, to be happy.

#### Find out about life

Find the resources you need in order to grow, with our curated collection of
courses. They cover everything from mental wellbeing to productivity,
relationships and motivation. Our goal is to cover everything you need to
thrive.

#### Follow expert goal plans

Create step-by-step goal plans and incorporate them into your daily schedule
to create life changing habits and behavior. You can follow expertly crafted
plans to steadily move forward and safely avoid the most common obstacles.

#### Learn what makes you happy

Keep track of your mood to figure out which behaviors make you feel good. Tag
your mood with feelings to quickly develop a deeper understanding of yourself
and your emotions. Learn what to do, and to avoid, to be happy.

#### Find out about life

Find the resources you need in order to grow, with our curated collection of
courses. They cover everything from mental wellbeing to productivity,
relationships and motivation. Our goal is to cover everything you need to
thrive.

#### Follow expert goal plans

Create step-by-step goal plans and incorporate them into your daily schedule
to create life changing habits and behavior. You can follow expertly crafted
plans to steadily move forward and safely avoid the most common obstacles.

#### Learn what makes you happy

Keep track of your mood to figure out which behaviors make you feel good. Tag
your mood with feelings to quickly develop a deeper understanding of yourself
and your emotions. Learn what to do, and to avoid, to be happy.

#### Find out about life

Find the resources you need in order to grow, with our curated collection of
courses. They cover everything from mental wellbeing to productivity,
relationships and motivation. Our goal is to cover everything you need to
thrive.

##### Apps

  * [Remente for iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-store/id961633456?pt=1659064&ct=remente.com%20-%20Footer%20Link&mt=8)
  * [Remente for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remente.app&referrer=utm_source%3Dremente.com%26utm_medium%3DFooter%2520Link)
  * [Remente for Web](https://app.remente.com/)
  * [Remente for Mac (beta)](https://d3tpy77yecs5fp.cloudfront.net/Remente-0.7.9.dmg)
  * [Remente for Windows (beta)](https://d3tpy77yecs5fp.cloudfront.net/Remente%20Setup%200.3.1.exe)
  * [Remente for Business](https://business.remente.com/)

##### Social

  * [Remente on Facebook](https://facebook.com/remente)
  * [Remente on Instagram](https://instagram.com/remente)
  * [Remente on Twitter](https://twitter.com/rementecorp)
  * [Remente on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/remente)

##### Support

  * [Help Center](http://help.remente.com/)
  * [support@remente.com](mailto:support@remente.com)

![Remente](./Remente - Best goal setting app for personal and organizational
development_files/logo-remente-white.svg)

